---
title: recuperate yank deuce pinch plait
published: true
tags: English
---

## recuperate

re·cu·pe·rate /rɪˈkjuːpəreɪt, -ˈkuː-/ verb

1. [intransitive] to get better again after an illness or injury SYN recover
   - recuperate from
     - Coles is recuperating from a sprained ankle.
2. [transitive] especially British English to get back money that you have spent or lost in business SYN recoup, recover:
   - We’ve recuperated our losses.
3. [intransitive] to return to a more normal condition after a difficult time SYN recover:
   - Winston proposed several ways for the industry to recuperate.

- recuperation /rɪˌkjuːpəˈreɪʃən, -ˌkuː-/ noun [uncountable]

## yank

yank /jæŋk/ verb [intransitive and transitive]

informal to suddenly pull something quickly and with force

- yank something out/back/open etc
  - One of the men grabbed Tom’s hair and yanked his head back.
  - Nick yanked the door open.
- yank on/at
  - With both hands she yanked at the necklace.
- yank noun [countable]:
  - He gave the rope a yank.

## deuce

deuce /djuːs $ duːs/ noun

1. [uncountable] the situation in tennis when both players have 40 points, after which one of the players must win two more points to win the game
2. [countable] American English a playing card with the number two on it
3. what/how etc the deuce ...? old-fashioned spoken used to add force to a question:
   - What the deuce is going on?

## pinch

pinch1 /pɪntʃ/ verb

1. [transitive] to press a part of someone’s skin very tightly between your finger and thumb, especially so that it hurts:
   - We have to stop her pinching her baby brother.
   - He pinched her cheek.
2. [transitive] British English informal to steal something, especially something small or not very valuable:
   - Someone’s pinched my coat!
3. [transitive] to press something between your finger and thumb:
   - Pinch the edges of the pastry together to seal it.
4. [intransitive and transitive] if something you are wearing pinches you, it presses painfully on part of your body, because it is too tight:
   - Her new shoes were pinching.
5. somebody has to pinch themselves used when a situation is so surprising that the person involved needs to make sure that they are not imagining it:
   - Sometimes she had to pinch herself to make sure it was not all a dream.
6. [transitive usually passive] British English old-fashioned to ARREST someone

- pinch something ↔ out phrasal verb
  - to remove a small part of a plant with your fingers:
    - Pinch out any side shoots to make the plant grow upwards.

## plait

plait1 /plæt $ pleɪt, plæt/ verb [transitive]

British English to twist three long pieces of hair or rope over and under each other to make one long piece SYN braid American English:

- She plaited her hair hurriedly.
- a plaited leather belt
