---
title: venerable whine trailing rustle ape
published: true
tags: English
---

## venerable

ven·e·ra·ble /ˈvenərəbəl/ adjective

1. [usually before noun] formal a venerable person or thing is respected because of their great age, experience etc – often used humorously:
   - venerable financial institutions
   - the venerable guitarist Pat Martino
   - a venerable tradition

## whine

whine /waɪn/ verb

1. [intransitive and transitive] to complain in a sad annoying voice about something SYN moan:
   - Oh Charlotte, please stop whining.
   - ‘I don’t understand,’ whined Rose.
   - whine about
     - The sergeant was whining about how hard he had been forced to work recently.
2. [intransitive] to make a long high sound because you are in pain or unhappy:
   - He could hear the dog whining behind the door.
3. [intransitive] if a machine whines, it makes a continuous high sound

- whine noun [countable]:
  - The baby’s howl turned to a high-pitched whine.
  - the whine of a vacuum cleaner

## trailing

trail·ing /ˈtreɪlɪŋ/ adjective

- a trailing plant grows along the ground or hangs down

## rustle

rus·tle1 /ˈrʌsəl/ verb

1.  [intransitive and transitive] if leaves, papers, clothes etc rustle, or if you rustle them, they make a noise as they rub against each other:
    - She moved nearer, her long silk skirt rustling around her.
    - He rustled the papers on his desk.
2.  [transitive] to steal farm animals such as cattle, horses, or sheep

- rustle something ↔ up phrasal verb informal
  - to make a meal quickly:
    - I’ll rustle up a couple of steaks on the barbecue.

## ape

ape2 verb [transitive]

1. to copy the way someone speaks or behaves in order to make fun of them SYN mimic:
   - He could ape his teachers perfectly.
2. to copy someone’s way of doing something, so that what you do or produce is not good or original SYN mimic:
   - cheap clothes which ape the high fashions of the day
