---
title: emphatic mercifully lighthearted emblem cursory
published: true
tags: English
---

## emphatic

em·phat·ic AC /ɪmˈfætɪk/ adjective

1. expressing an opinion, idea etc in a clear, strong way to show its importance:
   - an emphatic denial
   - emphatic that
     - Wilde was emphatic that the event should go ahead.
   - emphatic about
     - He was pretty emphatic about me leaving.
2. emphatic win/victory/defeat a win etc in which one team or player wins by a large amount

## mercifully

mer·ci·ful·ly /ˈmɜːsɪfəli $ ˈmɜːr-/adverb

fortunately or luckily, because a situation could have been much worse:

- Mercifully, I managed to stop the car just in time.
- The journey was mercifully brief.

## lighthearted

light-heart·ed /ˌlaɪt ˈhɑːtəd $ -ɑːr-/ adjective

1. not intended to be serious:
   - a light-hearted comedy
2. cheerful and not worried about anything:
   - I found her in a light-hearted mood.

## emblem

em·blem /ˈembləm/ noun [countable]

1. a picture, shape, or object that is used to represent a country, organization etc → logo
   - emblem of
     - The national emblem of Canada is a maple leaf.
2. something that represents an idea, principle, or situation SYN symbol
   - emblem of
     - Expensive cars are seen as an emblem of success.

## cursory

cur·so·ry /ˈkɜːsəri $ ˈkɜːr-/ adjective

done very quickly without much attention to details

- cursory glance/look
  - Even a cursory glance at the figures will tell you that sales are down.
- cursory examination/inspection
  - a cursory examination of the evidence
