---
title: "foster coherent spout nuance stumble"
published: true
tags: English
---

## foster

fos·ter1 /ˈfɒstə $ ˈfɑːstər/ verb

1. [transitive] to help a skill, feeling, idea etc develop over a period of time
   SYN encourage,promote
   - The bishop helped foster the sense of a community embracing all classes.
2. [intransitive and transitive] to take someone else's child into your family
   for a period of time but without becoming their legal parent
   - The couple wanted to adopt a black child they had been fostering.

## coherent

co·her·ent AC /kəʊˈhɪərənt $ koʊˈhɪr-/adjective

1. if a piece of writing, set of ideas etc is coherent, it is easy to understand
   because it is clear and reasonable:
   - The three years of the course are planned as a coherent whole
   - a coherent account of the incident
2. if someone is coherent, they are talking in a way that is clear and easy to understand
   1. He sounded coherent, but he was too ill to have any idea what he was
      saying.
3. if a group is coherent, its members are connected or united because they
   share common aims, qualities, or beliefs
   - They were never a coherent group

- coherently adverb
  - She could not think coherently.

## spout

spout1 /spaʊt/ noun [countable]

1. a small pipe on the side of a container that you pour liquid out through
2. spout of water/blood etc a sudden strong stream of liquid which comes out of
   somewhere very fast.

## nuance

nu·ance /ˈnjuːɑːns $ ˈnuː-/ noun [countable]

a very slight, hardly noticeable different in manner, colour, meaning etc ->
subtlety

- He was aware of every nuance in her voice.
- nuance of
  - the painting's delicate nuances of color, tone, and texture
  - subtle nuances of meaning

- nuanced adjective
  - a skillful and nuanced performance

## stumble

stum·ble /ˈstʌmbəl/ verb [intransitive]

1. to hit your foot against something or put your foot down awkwardly while you
   are walking or running, so that you almost fall SYN trip
   - In her hurry, she stumbled and spilled the milk all over the floor.
   - stumble over/on
     - Vic stumbled over the step as he came in.
2. to walk in an unsteady way and often almost fall. SYN stagger
   1. stumble in/out/across etc
      1. He stumbled upstairs and into bed.
3. to stop or make a mistake when you are reading to people or speaking
   1. stumble over/at/through
      1. I hope I don't stumble over any of the long words.

- stumble noun [countable]

stumble on/across/upon something phrasal verb

- to find or discover something by change and unexpectedly SYN come across
  - Researchers have stumbled across a drug that may help patients with
    Parkinson's disease