---
title: verdict demography articulate integrity consensus
published: true
tags: English
---

## verdict

ver·dict /ˈvɜːdɪkt $ ˈvɜːr-/ noun [countable]

- someone’s opinion about something:
  - The audience’s final verdict was encouraging.
  - verdict on
    - What’s your verdict on the movie?
  - give (somebody) your verdict (on something)
    - Trade unionists were quick to give their verdict on the proposals.

## demography

de·mog·ra·phy /dɪˈmɒɡrəfi $ -ˈmɑː-/ noun [uncountable]
the study of human populations and the ways in which they change, for example the study of how many births, marriages and deaths happen in a particular place at a particular time

- demographer noun [countable]

## articulate

ar·tic·u·late1 /ɑːˈtɪkjəleɪt, ɑːˈtɪkjʊleɪt $ ɑːr-/ verb

1. [transitive] formal to express your ideas or feelings in words:
   - Many people are unable to articulate the unhappiness they feel.
2. [intransitive and transitive] to pronounce what you are saying in a clear and careful way:
   - He was so drunk that he could barely articulate his words.
3. [intransitive and transitive] technical if something such as a bone in your body is articulated to another thing, it is joined to it in a way that allows movement
4. articulate something with something formal if one idea, system etc articulates with another idea, system etc, the two things are related and exist together:
   - a new course that is designed to articulate with the current degree course

## integrity

in·teg·ri·ty AC /ɪnˈteɡrəti, ɪnˈteɡrɪti/ noun [uncountable]

1. the quality of being honest and strong about what you believe to be right
   - personal/professional/political etc integrity
     - a man of great moral integrity
2. formal the state of being united as one complete thing:
   - the territorial integrity of the country

## consensus

con·sen·sus AC /kənˈsensəs/ noun [singular, uncountable]

- an opinion that everyone in a group agrees with or accepts SYN agreement
  - **consensus on/about**
    - a lack of consensus about the aims of the project
  - consensus that
    - There is a consensus among teachers that children should have a broad understanding of the world.
    - The EU Council of Finance Ministers failed to reach a consensus on the pace of integration.
    - the current consensus of opinion
    - The general consensus was that technology was a good thing.
    - the consensus politics of the fifties
