---
title: hubris dwell solicit emerge prevailing
published: true
tags: English
---

## hubris

- hu·bris /ˈhjuːbrəs, ˈhjuːbrɪs/ noun [uncountable]
  - literary too much pride

## dwell

- dwell /dwel/ verb (past tense and past participle dwelt /dwelt/ or dwelled) [intransitive always + adverb/preposition]

  - literary to live in a particular place:
    - They dwelt in the forest.

- dwell on/upon something phrasal verb
  - to think or talk for too long about something, especially something unpleasant:
    - That is not a subject I want to dwell on.

## solicit

so·li·cit /səˈlɪsət, səˈlɪsɪt/ verb

1. [intransitive usually progressive] to offer to have sex with someone in exchange for money:
   - She was arrested for soliciting.
2. [intransitive and transitive] formal to ask someone for money, help, or information:
   - Morgan is accused of illegally soliciting campaign contributions.
   - solicit something from somebody
     - The governor sent two officials to Mexico City to solicit aid from the President.
3. [intransitive and transitive] American English to try to sell a product or service by taking it to homes or businesses and showing it to the people there:
   - No soliciting on company premises is allowed.

## emerge

e·merge W2 AC /ɪˈmɜːdʒ $ -ɜːrdʒ/ verb [intransitive]

1. to appear or come out from somewhere:
   - The flowers emerge in the spring.
   - emerge from
     - The sun emerged from behind the clouds.
2. if facts emerge, they become known after being hidden or secret → come out:
   - Eventually the truth emerged.
   - Later it emerged that the judge had employed an illegal immigrant.
3. to come out of a difficult experience
   - emerge from
     - She emerged from the divorce a stronger person.
4. to begin to be known or noticed:
   - a religious sect that emerged in the 1830s
   - emerge as
     - Local government has recently emerged as a major issue.

## prevailing

pre·vail·ing /prɪˈveɪlɪŋ/ adjective [only before noun]

1. existing or accepted in a particular place or at a particular time SYN current:
   - The prevailing mood of public opinion remained hostile.
   - the prevailing economic conditions in Northern Ireland
2. prevailing wind a wind that blows over a particular area most of the time
