---
title: "alleviate quarrel mole reckoning treatise"
published: true
tags: English
---

## alleviate

al·le·vi·ate /əˈliːvieɪt/ verb [transitive]

to make something less painful or difficult to deal with

alleviate the problem/situation/suffering etc

- a new medicine to alleviate the symptoms of flu
- measures to alleviate poverty

-- alleviation /əˌliːviˈeɪʃən/ noun [uncountable]

## quarrel

quar·rel1 /ˈkwɒrəl $ ˈkwɔː-, ˈkwɑː-/ noun [countable] especially British English

1. an angry argument or disagreement
   1. quarrel with
      1. Jacob left after a quarrel with his wife
   2. quarrel about/over
      1. They had a quarrel about some girl.
   3. quarrel between
      1. Had there been any quarrel between you?
2. a reason to disagree with something or argue with someone
   1. quarrel with
      1. My only quarrel with this plan is that it's going to take for too long.
   2. I have no quarrel with the court's verdict.

## mole

mole /məʊl $ moʊl/ noun [countable]

1. a small dark furry animal which is almost blind. Moles usually live under the
   ground
2. a small dark brown mark on the skin that is slightly higher than the skin
   around it
3. someone who works for an organization while secretly giving information to
   its enemy.

## treatise

trea·tise /ˈtriːtəs, ˈtriːtɪs, -təz/ noun [countable]

a serious book or article about a particular subject

treatise on

- a treatise on medical ethics

## reckoning

reck·on·ing /ˈrekənɪŋ/ noun

1. [uncountable] calculation that is based on a careful guess rather than on
   exact knowledge
   - by sb's reckoning
     - By my reckoning, we have 12000 clients
2. [countable usually singular, uncountable] a time when you are judged or
   punished for your actions, or when have results that affect you
   - We know that you will not forget their crimes when their day of reckoning comes.
   - In the final reckoning, the president failed to achieve his major goals.
3. in/into/out of the reckoning *British English* among or not among those who
   are likely to win or to be successful, especially in sport:
   - He had a knee injury, which put him out of the reckoning.