---
title: "folk gooseberry lilac erect accost"
published: true
tags: English
---

## folk

folk1 S2 W3 /fəʊk $ foʊk/ noun

1. [plural] (also folks) especially American English people:
    - I’m sure there are some folk who would rather they weren’t here.
    - Thanks to the folks at NBC.
    - Wait till the folks back home hear about this!
    - young/old folk British English old-fashioned:
      - Young folk these days don’t know the meaning of work.
2. folks [plural]
   - a) especially American English your parents and family:
	- Is it OK if I call my folks?
    - b) used when talking to a group of people in a friendly way:
	- That’s all for now, folks.
3. country/farming etc folk [plural] (also country etc folks American English) literary people who live in a particular area or do a particular kind of work:
   - simple country folk
4. [uncountable] FOLK MUSIC:
	- a folk singer

## gooseberry

goose·ber·ry /ˈɡʊzbəri, ˈɡuːz-, ˈɡuːs- $ ˈɡuːsberi/ noun (plural gooseberries)
[countable]

1. a small round green fruit that grows on a bush and has a sour taste
2. **be a gooseberry** (also **play gooseberry** British English) informal to be with two people who are having a romantic relationship and who want to be alone together

## lilac

li·lac /ˈlaɪlək/ noun

1. [countable] a small tree with pale purple or white flowers
2. [uncountable] a pale purple colour SYN mauve

— lilac adjective:
  - a lilac dress

## erect

e·rect1 /ɪˈrekt/ adjective

1. in a straight upright position:
	- Martin stood erect on the platform.
2. an erect PENIS or NIPPLE is stiff and bigger than it usually is because a person is sexually excited

## accost

ac·cost /əˈkɒst $ əˈkɒːst, əˈkɑːst/ verb [transitive] written

to go towards someone you do not know and speak to them in an unpleasant or threatening way:
  - He was accosted by four youths and forced to give them all his money.