---
title: "bestiality triumph persecution rampant ghastly"
published: true
tags: English
---


## bestiality

bes·ti·al·i·ty /ˌbestiˈæləti, ˌbestiˈælɪti $ ˌbestʃi-/ noun [uncountable]

1. sexual relations between a person and an animal
2. **formal** very cruel behaviour

## triumph

tri·umph1 /ˈtraɪəmf/ noun

1. [countable] an important victory or success after a difficult struggle:
    - Winning the championship is a great personal triumph.
    - **triumph for**
      - a tremendous diplomatic triumph for France
    - **triumph over**
      - the triumph over hardship
2. [uncountable] a feeling of pleasure and satisfaction that you get from victory or success:
    - a shout of triumph
    - **in triumph**
      - He rode in triumph to the Tsar.
3. [singular] a very successful example of something
    - **triumph of**
      - The gallery is a triumph of design.

## persecution

per·se·cute /ˈpɜːsɪkjuːt $ ˈpɜːr-/ verb [transitive]

1. to treat someone cruelly or unfairly over a period of time, especially because of their religious or political beliefs:
    - The Puritans left England to escape being persecuted.

2. to deliberately cause difficulties for someone by annoying them often *SYN* **harass:**
    - Like many celebrities, she complained of being persecuted by the press.

- persecutor noun [countable]
- persecution /ˌpɜːsɪˈkjuːʃən $ ˌpɜːr-/ noun [uncountable and countable]:
  - the persecution of writers who criticize the government

## rampant

ram·pant /ˈræmpənt/ adjective

1. if something bad, such as crime or disease, is rampant, there is a lot of it and it is very difficult to control → **rife, widespread**:
    - Pickpocketing is rampant in the downtown area.
    - **rampant inflation**
2. a plant that is rampant grows and spreads quickly, in a way that is
   difficult to control

- **rampantly** adverb

## ghastly

ghast·ly /ˈɡɑːstli $ ˈɡæstli/ adjective

1. very bad or unpleasant *SYN* **horrible**:
    - a ghastly little hotel
    - The whole thing was a ghastly mistake.
    - The weather was ghastly.
2. making you very frightened, upset, or shocked:
    - a ghastly accident
3. look/feel ghastly to look or feel ill, upset, or unhappy:
    - Are you all right? You look ghastly!

- ghastliness noun [uncountable]