---
title: "yoke vermin yearn hark ascribe"
published: true
tags: English
---

## yoke

yoke1 /jəʊk $ joʊk/ noun [countable]

1. a wooden bar used for keeping two animals together, especially cattle, when
   they are pulling heavy loads
2. a frame that you put across your shoulders so that you can carry two equal loads which hang from either side of it
3. **the yoke of something** *literary* something that restricts your freedom, making life difficult:
the yoke of tradition
4. a part of a skirt or shirt just below the waist or collar, from which the main piece of material hangs in folds

## vermin

ver·min /ˈvɜːmən, ˈvɜːmɪn $ ˈvɜːr-/ noun [plural]

1. small animals, birds, and insects that are harmful because they destroy crops, spoil food, and spread disease:
The beds were filthy and full of vermin.
Foxes are considered vermin.
2. unpleasant people who cause problems for society

## yearn

yearn /jɜːn $ jɜːrn/ verb [intransitive]

*literary* to have a strong desire for something, especially something that is
difficult or impossible to get *SYN* **long**

- yearn for
  - Hannah yearned for a child.
- yearn to be/do something
  - Phil had yearned to be a pilot from an early age.
- REGISTER
  - In everyday English, people usually say **long for something** or **long to do** something rather than yearn:
    - She longed for another child.

## hark

hark /hɑːk $ hɑːrk/ verb

1. hark at him/her/you! British English old-fashioned spoken used when you think someone is saying something stupid or acting as if they are more important than they really are:
    - Hark at him! I bet he couldn’t do any better.
2. hark! old use used to tell someone to listen

hark back phrasal verb

- to remember and talk about things that happened in the past
- hark back to
  - It’s useless to continually hark back to the past.

hark back to something phrasal verb

- to be similar to something in the past:
  - music that harks back to the early age of jazz

## ascribe

as·cribe /əˈskraɪb/ verb

ascribe something to somebody/something phrasal verb written

1. to claim that something is caused by a particular person, situation etc:

- The report ascribes the rise in childhood asthma to the increase in
  pollution.

2. to claim that something has been written, said, made etc by a particular
   person:

- a quotation that’s often been ascribed to Marilyn Monroe

3. to believe that something or someone has a particular quality:

- Local people ascribe healing properties to this fruit.

—ascribable adjective:

- Most of the accidents were ascribable to the bad weather.