---
title: "entail stature cease intrinsic onerous"
published: true
tags: English
---

## entail

en‧tail  / ɪnteɪl /   verb  [ transitive ] 

1. to involve something as a necessary part or result :  
  - A new computer system entails a lot of re-training. 
  - Some foreign travel is entailed in the job. 
  - entail doing something 
    - The journey will entail changing trains twice. 
2. old use   if you entail property, you arrange for it to be given to a specific person, usually your oldest son, when you die 
 
## stature

stat‧ure  / stætʃə  $  -ər /   noun  [ uncountable ]   written 

1. the degree to which someone is admired or regarded as important 
  - of world/international/national stature 
    - Armstrong was a musician of world stature. 
    - He  grew in stature    (= became more admired or popular )  during the campaign. 
  - stature as 
    - his growing stature as an artist 
2. someone’s height or size :  
  - Bernard was short in stature, with a large head. 

## cease

cease 1   W3   AC  / sis /   verb  [ intransitive and transitive ] 

1. *formal*  to stop doing something or stop happening 
  - cease to do something 
	- He ceased to be a member of the association. 
	- The things people will do for charity  never cease to amaze me  (= I am always surprised by them ) . 
  - cease doing something 
	- the decision to cease using CFCs in packaging 
	- The rain ceased and the sky cleared. 
  - cease trading/production/operations etc  (= stop operating a business ) 
	- The company ceased production at their Norwich plant last year. 
  - cease fire!  (= used to order soldiers to stop shooting ) 

2 **cease and desist**   *law*   to stop doing something 
   - →   ceasefire , →  wonders will never cease  at  wonder 2 ( 5 ) 

## intrinsic

in‧trin‧sic   AC  / ɪntrɪnsɪk, -zɪk /   adjective 

being part of the nature or character of someone or something  *OPP*  **extrinsic** :  
  - the  intrinsic interest  of the subject 
  - intrinsic nature/quality/value/property of something 
	- There is nothing in the intrinsic nature of the work that makes it more suitable for women. 
  - intrinsic to 
	- Flexibility is intrinsic to creative management. 
- intrinsically  / -kli /   adverb :  
  - Science is seen as intrinsically good. 
 
## onerous

on‧er‧ous  / ɒnərəs, əʊ-  $  ɑ-, oʊ- /   adjective   formal 

- work or a responsibility that is onerous is difficult and worrying or makes you tired  →  burdensome :  
	- an  onerous task 