---
title: intrigue adversary ramification jeopardise precaution
published: true
tags: English
---

## intrigue

in·trigue1 /ɪnˈtriːɡ/ verb

1. [transitive] if something intrigues you, it interests you a lot because it seems strange or mysterious:
   - Other people’s houses always intrigued her.
2. [intransitive] formal to make secret plans to harm someone or make them lose their position of power
   - intrigue against
     - While King Richard was abroad, the barons had been intriguing against him.

## adversary

ad·ver·sa·ry /ˈædvəsəri $ ˈædvərseri/noun (plural adversaries) [countable]

- _formal_ a country or person you are fighting or competing against SYN opponent:
  - his old adversary

## ramification

ram·i·fi·ca·tion /ˌræməfəˈkeɪʃən, ˌræmɪfəˈkeɪʃən/ noun [countable usually plural] formal

an additional result of something you do, which may not have been clear when you first decided to do it → implications, implication:

- an agreement which was to have significant ramifications for British politics
- ramification of
  - the practical ramifications of taking on a new job
- legal/political/economic etc ramifications
  - the environmental ramifications of the road-building program

## jeopardise

jeop·ar·dize (also jeopardise British English) /ˈdʒepədaɪz $ -ər-/ verb [transitive]

to risk losing or spoiling something important:

- large-scale military offensives which could jeopardize the UN peace process

## precaution

pre·cau·tion /prɪˈkɔːʃən $ -ˈkɒː-/noun [countable usually plural]

- something you do in order to prevent something dangerous or unpleasant from happening:
  - Fire precautions were neglected.
- as a precaution
  - The traffic barriers were put there as a safety precaution.
- precaution against
  - Save your work often as a precaution against computer failure.
- wise/sensible precaution
  - The trails are well marked, but carrying a map is a wise precaution.
- Vets took precautions to prevent the spread of the disease.
- take the precaution of doing something
  - I took the precaution of insuring my camera.
