---
title: "encompass dispute directive justification proposition"
published: true
tags: English
---

## encompass

en·com·pass /ɪnˈkʌmpəs/ verb [transitive] formal

1. to include a wide range of ideas, subjects, etc:
    - The study encompasses the social, political, and economic aspects of the
situation.

2. to completely cover or surround something:
    - The houses encompassed about 100 square metres.

## dispute

dis·pute1 W2 /dɪˈspjuːt, ˈdɪspjuːt/ noun [uncountable and countable]

1. a serious argument or disagreement
    - dispute with
      - The firm is involved in a legal dispute with a rival company.
    - dispute over
      - He got into a dispute over a taxi fare.
    - dispute between
      - the bitter border dispute between the countries

2. **be beyond dispute** if something is beyond dispute, everyone agrees that it
   is true or that it really happened:
    - **It is beyond dispute that** advances in medicine have enabled people to live
longer.

3. **be open to dispute** if something is open to dispute, it is not completely
   certain and not everyone agrees about it:
    - His interpretation of the poem is open to dispute.

4. **be in dispute** if something is in dispute, people are arguing about it:
    - The facts of the case are still in dispute.

## directive

di·rec·tive1 /dəˈrektɪv, dɪˈrektɪv, daɪ-/ noun [countable]

an official order or instruction

- directive on
  - proposals for implementing the EU directive on paternity leave

## justification

jus·ti·fi·ca·tion AC /ˌdʒʌstəfəˈkeɪʃən, ˌdʒʌstɪfəˈkeɪʃən/ noun [uncountable
and countable]

1. a good and acceptable reason for doing something
    - justification for (doing) something
      - There is no justification for holding her in jail.
      - Hoggart felt, with some justification, that his colleagues had let him
        down.

2. in justification (of somebody/something) in order to explain why an idea or action is right:
    - He made a speech in justification of his actions.

## proposition

prop·o·si·tion1 /ˌprɒpəˈzɪʃən $ ˌprɑː-/ noun [countable]

1. *STATEMENT* a statement that consists of a carefully considered opinion or judgment
    - proposition that
      - Most people accept the proposition that we have a duty to protect endangered animals.
      - The theory is founded on two basic propositions.

2. *SUGGESTION* a suggestion, or something that is suggested or considered as a possible thing to do:
    - He telephoned Stuart with a proposition.
    - attractive/interesting/practical etc proposition
      - The offer of two tickets for the price of one makes it a very attractive proposition.
      - It doesn’t sound like a very viable proposition to me.
      - I’ve got a proposition to put to you.

3. be a different/tricky/simple etc proposition used to say how easy someone or something will be to deal with:
    - My new boss is a very different proposition.

4. *LAW* (also Proposition) a suggested change or addition to the law of a state of the US, which citizens vote on:
    - Proposition 147

5. *MATHEMATICS* technical something that must be proved, or a question to
   which the answer must be found – used in GEOMETRY

—propositional adjective