---
title: "adversely hinder tractable pickle temptation"
published: true
tags: English
---

## adversely

ad·verse /ˈædvɜːs $ -ɜːrs/ adjective

1. not good or favourable:
    - They fear it could have an adverse effect on global financial markets.
    - Miller’s campaign has received a good deal of adverse publicity.

2. adverse conditions conditions that make it difficult for something to happen or exist:
    - The expedition was abandoned because of adverse weather conditions.

- adversely adverb:
  - developments which had adversely affected their business

## hinder

hin·der /ˈhɪndə $ -ər/ verb [transitive]

- to make it difficult for something to develop or succeed *SYN* **hamper**:
  - His career has been hindered by injury.
  - policies that will hinder rather than help families

- Do not confuse with **prevent** (=to make it impossible for someone to do
  something): His poor health prevented him from going to work (NOT His poor
  health hindered him from going to work).

- REGISTER
  - In everyday English, people often say something **gets in the way** of something rather than **hinders** it:
    - This could **get in the way of** rescue attempts.
    - Poor English **got in the way of** his progress.

## tractable

trac·ta·ble /ˈtræktəbəl/ *adjective formal*

- easy to control or deal with OPP intractable:
  - The issues have proved to be less tractable than expected.

- tractability /ˌtræktəˈbɪləti, ˌtræktəˈbɪlɪti/ *noun* [uncountable]

## pickle

pick·le1 /ˈpɪkəl/ noun

1. [uncountable and countable] *British English* a thick cold sauce that is made from pieces of vegetables preserved in VINEGAR. It is usually eaten with cold meat or cheese:
    - cheese and pickle sandwiches
    - a selection of cold meats and pickles
2. [countable] American English a CUCUMBER preserved in VINEGAR or salt water, or a piece of this *SYN* **gherkin** British English
3. **be in a (pretty) pickle** old-fashioned to be in a very difficult situation and not know what to do

## temptation

temp·ta·tion /tempˈteɪʃən/ noun [uncountable and countable]

1. a strong desire to have or do something even though you know you should not
    - **temptation to do something**
      - There might be a temptation to cheat if students sit too close together.
      - Resist the temptation to buy the item until you’re certain you need it.
      - I finally gave in to the temptation and had a cigarette.
2. something that makes you want to have or do something, even though you know you should not:
    - Selling alcohol at truck stops is an unnecessary temptation for drivers.
