---
title: 'obedience grief fortitude splendor gloom'
published: true
tags: English
---

## obedience

o·be·di·ence /əˈbiːdiəns/ noun [uncountable]

when someone does what they are told to do, or what a law, rule etc says they must do

obedience to

- obedience to God

in obedience to something

- He lived in obedience to the church's teachings

blind/unquestioning/complete obedience (=complete obedience without any thought)

- With blind obedience, I allowed my father to organize my life.
- obedience classes for dogs and their owners.

## grief

grief /ɡriːf/ noun

1. [uncountable] extreme sadness, especially because someone you love has died
   1. grief over/at
      1. The grief she felt over Helen's death was almost unbearable.
   2. with grief
      1. Charles was overcome with grief
2. [countable] something that makes you feel extremely sad
   1. Every change in our lives bring with it griefs
3. good grief! spoken used when you are slightly surprised or annoyed
   1. Good grief! What a mess!
4. come to grief to fail, or to be harmed or destroyed in an accident
   1. candidates who come to grief in exams
5. give somebody grief informal to criticize someone in an annoying way
6. [uncountable] informal trouble or problems
   1. You'll save yourself a lot of grief if you check the measurements first.

## fortitude

for·ti·tude /ˈfɔːtətjuːd, ˈfɔːtɪtjuːd $ ˈfɔːrtətuːd/noun [uncountable] formal

courage shown when you are in great pain or experience a lot of trouble

- Winnie is a woman of quiet fortitude who has endured a lot of suffering

## splendor

splen·dour British English, splendor American English /ˈsplendə $ -ər/ noun

1. [uncountable] impressive beauty, especially of a large building or large place
   1. splendor of
      1. We marvelled at the splendor of the scenery
      2. The palace has now been restored to its original splendor
2. splendors [plural] impressive beautiful features, especially of a large building or place
   1. splendors of
      1. the splendors of the imperial court.

## gloom

gloom /ɡluːm/ noun [singular, uncountable]

1. literary almost complete darkness
   1. He peered into the gathering (=increasing) gloom
2. a feeling of great sadness and lack of hope
   1. a time of high unemployment and economic gloom

## Reference

- Longman Dictionary of Contemporary English