---
title: 'duress delirium pledge grace malice'
published: true
tags: English
---

## duress

du·ress /djʊˈres $ dʊ-/ noun [uncountable]

illegal or unfair threats

under duress

- The confession was obtained under duress.

## delirium

de·lir·i·um /dɪˈlɪriəm/ noun

1. [uncountable] a state in which someone is delirious, especially because
   they are very ill:
   1. Before she died she had fits of delirium
2. [singular, uncountable] extreme excitement

## pledge

pledge1 /pledʒ/ noun [countable]

1. formal a serious promise or agreement, especially one made publicly or
   officially
   - pledge of
     - a pledge of support for the plan
   - pledge to do something
     - the government's pledge to make no deals with terrorists
   - make/take/give a pledge
     - Parents make a pledge to take their children to rehearsals
   - keep/fulfil/honour a pledge
     - Eisenhower fulfilled his election pledge to end the war in Korea
2. a promise to give money to an organization
   1. Donors have made pledges totaling nearly $4 million.
   2. pledge of
      1. a pledge of $200 to the public TV station.
3. something valuable that you leave with someone else as proof that you will do
   what you have agreed to do
4. someone who has promised to become a member of a fraternity or sorority at an
   American university.

## grace

grace1 /ɡreɪs/ noun

1. [uncountable] a smooth way of moving that looks natural, relaxed, and attractive
   1. Lena moved with the grace of a dancer.
2. bahavior
   1. [uncountable] polite and pleasant behavior
      1. The hotel maintains traditional standards of elegance, style, and grace.
      2. have the grace to do something
         1. He didn't even have the grace to apologize (=he was not polite
            enough to apologize)
   2. graces [plural] the skills needed to behave in a way that is considered
      polite and socially acceptable
      1. Max definitely lack social graces
3. [uncountable] more time that is allowed to someone to finish a piece of work,
   pay a debt etc
   1. a day's/week's etc grace
      1. I got a few days' grace to finish my essay.
4. with (a) good/bad grace in a willing and pleasant way, or an unwilling and
   angry way
   1. Kevin smiled and accepted his defeat with good grace.
   2. With typical bad grace, they refused to come to the party.
5. [uncountable] God's kindness that is shown to people
   1. We are saved by God's grace
6. there but for the grace of God (go I) used to say that you feel lucky not to
   be in the same bad situation as someone else
7. [uncountable] a prayer thanking God, said before a meal
   1. My father said grace.
8. [uncountable] the state of someone's soul when it is free from evil,
   according to Christian belief
   1. He died in a state of grace (=when God has forgiven you for the wrong
      things you have done).
9. Your/His etc Grace used as a title when talking to or about a duke, duchess,
   or archbishop
10. the Graces three beautiful Greek goddesses who often appear in art.

## malice

mal·ice /ˈmæləs, ˈmælɪs/ noun [uncountable]

1. the desire to harm someone because you hate them
   1. with malice
      1. His eyes gleamed with malice
   2. sheer/pure malice
      1. She did it out of sheer malice
      2. James bore her no malice (=did not feel any malice towards her)
2. with malice aforethought law with the deliberate intention of doing something
   that is against the law

## Reference

- Longman Dictionary of Contemporary English