---
title: "pervade reinstate peculiar conceivably groan"
published: true
tags: English
---

## pervade

per‧vade  / pəveɪd  $  pər- /   verb  [ transitive ]   formal 

- if a feeling, idea, or smell pervades a place, it is present in every part of it :  
  - A spirit of hopelessness pervaded the country. 

## reinstate

re‧in‧state  / riɪnsteɪt /   verb  [ transitive ] 

1. if someone is reinstated, they are officially given back their job after it was taken away 
2. to make something such as a law, system, or rule exist again :  
   - California reinstated the death penalty in 1977. 

— reinstatement   noun  [ uncountable and countable ] 
  
## peculiar

pe‧cu‧li‧ar  / pɪkjuliə  $  -ər /   adjective 

1. strange, unfamiliar, or a little surprising :  
   - There was a peculiar smell in the kitchen. 
   - Something peculiar is going on. 
   - It  seems very  peculiar that  no one noticed Kay had gone. 
2. be peculiar to somebody/something   
   1. if something is peculiar to a particular person, place, or situation, it is a feature that only belongs to that person or only exists in that place or situation :  
      1. The problem of racism  is not peculiar to  this country. 
3. behaving in a strange and slightly crazy way :  
   - He’s been a little peculiar lately. 
   - She’s a very peculiar child. 
4. feel peculiar/come over all peculiar   British English   informal   
   - to feel slightly ill 

## conceivably

con‧ceiv‧a‧ble   AC  / kənsivəb ə l /   adjective 

- able to be believed or imagined  OPP  inconceivable :  
  - It is conceivable that  you may get full compensation, but it’s not likely. 
  - We were discussing the problems from  every conceivable  angle. 

— conceivably   adverb :  
  - Conceivably, interest rates could rise very high indeed. 

## groan

groan 1  / ɡrəʊn  $  ɡroʊn /   verb 

1. [ intransitive ]   to make a long deep sound because you are in pain, upset, or disappointed, or because something is very enjoyable  SYN  moan :  
   - The kids all groaned when I switched off the TV. 
   - groan with 
     - As she kissed him, Gary groaned with pleasure. 
   - Richard’s jokes make you groan rather than laugh. 
2. [ intransitive and transitive ]   to complain about something  SYN  moan :  
   - I’m tired of him  moaning and groaning  all the time. 
   - ‘It’s too hot!’ he groaned. 
3. [ transitive ]   to make a low deep sound  SYN  moan :  
   - The old tree groaned in the wind. 
4. [ intransitive ]   if a table groans with food, there is a very large amount of food on it 
 
  