---
title: "canter trudge trek brutish nasty"
published: true
tags: English
---

## canter

can·ter /ˈkæntə $ -ər/ verb [intransitive and transitive]

to ride or make a horse run quite fast, but not as fast as possible → gallop

- canter noun [countable]:
  - She rode off at a canter.

## trudge

trudge /trʌdʒ/ verb [intransitive always + adverb/preposition]

to walk with slow heavy steps, especially because you are tired or it is
difficult to walk:
  
- We trudged home through the snow.

- trudge noun [singular]:
  - the long trudge back up the hill

## trek

trek1 /trek/ noun [countable]

1. a long and difficult journey, made especially on foot as an adventure SYN hike:
   - a lonely trek through the forest
2. informal a distance that seems long when you walk it:
   - I’m afraid it’s a bit of a trek to the station.

## brutish

brut·ish /ˈbruːtɪʃ/ adjective

cruel and not sensitive to people’s feelings

—brutishness noun [uncountable]

## nasty

nas·ty S2 /ˈnɑːsti $ ˈnæsti/ adjective (comparative nastier, superlative
nastiest)

1. BEHAVIOUR nasty behaviour or remarks are extremely unkind and unpleasant:
   - a nasty temper
   - the nasty things that were being written about her
   - There’s a nasty streak in her character.
   - Drivers often have a nasty habit of driving too close to cyclists.
   - nasty to
     - Don’t be so nasty to your mum (=do not treat her unkindly).
   - get/turn nasty especially British English (=suddenly start behaving in a threatening way)
     - When Harry refused, Don turned nasty and went for him with both fists.
2. PERSON someone who is nasty behaves in an unkind and unpleasant way:
   - I went to school with him – he was nasty then and he’s nasty now.
   - You’re a nasty little brute!
3. EXPERIENCE/SITUATION a nasty experience, feeling, or situation is unpleasant
   - nasty shock/surprise
     - It gave me a nasty shock.
   - nasty feeling/suspicion
     - I had a nasty feeling that a tragedy was going to happen.
     - Life has a nasty habit of repeating itself.
     - He had a nasty accident while riding in the forest.
     - When you feel you’ve been cheated, it always leaves a nasty taste in the mouth (=makes you feel upset or angry afterwards).
   - The weather turned nasty towards the evening.
4. SIGHT/SMELL ETC having a bad appearance, smell, taste etc:
   - What’s that nasty smell?
   - a market stall selling cheap and nasty watches
5. INJURY/ILLNESS severe or very painful:
   - a nasty cut
   - He was carried off the field with a nasty injury.
6. SUBSTANCE a nasty substance is dangerous:
   - nasty chemicals
7. a nasty piece of work British English someone who is dishonest, violent, or
   likely to cause trouble

— nastily adverb

— nastiness noun [uncountable]