---
title: "squash pristine hocus-pocus jolt derail"
published: true
tags: English
---

## squash

1. **PRESS** *[transitive]* to press something into a flatter shape, often
   breaking or damaging it *SYN* **flatten**:
    - The cake got a bit squashed on the way here.
    - squash something down
      - Her hair had been squashed down by her hat.
    - Move over – you’re squashing me.

2. **SMALL SPACE** *[intransitive, transitive always + adverb/preposition]* to
   push yourself or something else into a space that is too small **SYN**
   *squeeze*
    - squash into
      - Seven of us squashed into the car.
    - squash something in
      - We can probably squash another couple of things in.

3. **STOP SOMETHING** *[transitive]* *informal* to use your power or authority
   to stop something SYN quash:
    - Her suggestions were always squashed.
      - squash rumours/hopes/reports etc (=say that a rumour etc is not true)
    - The government was quick to squash any hopes of reform.

4. *CONTROL EMOTION** *[transitive]* to control or ignore an emotion *SYN*
   **suppress**:
    - She felt anger rising but quickly squashed it.

**squash up** *phrasal verb British English*

- to move closer together or closer to something, especially in order to make room for someone or something else
- squash up against
  - The others squashed up against Jo.

## pristine

pris·tine /ˈprɪstiːn/ *adjective*

1. extremely fresh or clean:
   - a pristine white shirt

2. something that is pristine is in the same condition as when it was first made:
   - The car has been restored to pristine condition.

3. not spoiled or damaged in any way:
   - pristine African rainforest

## hocus-pocus

ho·cus-po·cus /ˌhəʊkəs ˈpəʊkəs $ ˌhoʊkəs ˈpoʊ-/ noun [uncountable]

- a method or belief that you think is based on false ideas:
  - He thinks psychology is a load of hocus-pocus.

## jolt

jolt1 /dʒəʊlt $ dʒoʊlt/ verb

1. *[intransitive and transitive]* to move suddenly and roughly, or to make someone or something move in this way *SYN* **jerk**:
    - We jolted along rough wet roads through an endless banana plantation.

2. *[transitive]* to give someone a sudden shock or surprise:
    - The phone jolted him awake.
    - jolt somebody into/out of something
      - It jolted me into making the decision to quit.
      - Her sharp words seemed to jolt him out of his depression.

## derail

de·rail /ˌdiːˈreɪl, dɪ-/ verb

1. *[intransitive and transitive]* if a train derails or something derails it, it goes off the tracks
2. *[transitive]* to spoil or interrupt a plan, agreement etc:
    - a mistake that might derail the negotiations

— derailment *noun [uncountable and countable]*
