---
title: "partake writ rasp reek drainage"
published: true
tags: English
---

## partake

par·take /pɑːˈteɪk $ pɑːr-/ verb (past tense partook /-ˈtʊk/, past participle
partaken /-ˈteɪkən/) [intransitive] formal

1. to eat or drink something

- partake of
  - Grandmother likes to partake of a small glass of sherry before lunch.

2. to take part in an activity or event SYN participate

- partake in
  - a woman’s fundamental right to partake in club affairs

- partake of something phrasal verb formal
  - to have a certain amount of a particular quality

## writ

writ1 /rɪt/ noun [countable]

a document from a court that orders someone to do or not to do something:

- He issued a writ against the newspaper.
- The company has been served with a writ for damages.

## rasp

rasp1 /rɑːsp $ ræsp/ verb

1. [intransitive and transitive] to make a rough unpleasant sound:

- my father’s rasping voice
- ‘Stop!’ he rasped.

2. [transitive] to rub a surface with something rough

## reek

reek /riːk/ verb [intransitive]

to have a strong bad smell SYN **stink**:

- This room absolutely reeks.

- reek of
  - He reeked of sweat.
— reek noun [singular]:
  - the reek of cigarettes and beer
- reek of something phrasal verb
  - to seem very clearly to have a particular quality or be connected with something bad:
    - The whole business reeks of dishonesty.

## drainage

drain·age /ˈdreɪnɪdʒ/ noun [uncountable]

the process or system by which water or waste liquid flows away:

- A handful of pebbles in the bottom of a flowerpot will help drainage.
- a plan to improve the town’s drainage system