---
title: "granularity folklore envisage prestigious anticipate"
published: true
tags: English
---

## granularity

gran·u·lar·i·ty /ˌɡrænjəˈlærəti, ˌɡrænjʊˈlærəti/ noun [uncountable] formal

the amount of detail that is included in something such as a system:

- The database should have an appropriate level of granularity.

## folklore

folk·lore /ˈfəʊklɔː $ ˈfoʊklɔːr/ noun [uncountable]

the traditional stories, customs etc of a particular area or country

## envisage

en·vis·age /ɪnˈvɪzɪdʒ/ verb [transitive]

to think that something is likely to happen in the future:

- The scheme cost a lot more than we had originally envisaged.

- envisage doing something
  - I don’t envisage working with him again.

## prestigious

pres·ti·gious /preˈstɪdʒəs $ -ˈstɪː-, -ˈsti-/adjective

admired as one of the best and most important:

- a prestigious literary award
- a highly prestigious university

## anticipate

an·tic·i·pate S3 AC /ænˈtɪsəpeɪt, ænˈtɪsɪpeɪt/ verb [transitive]

1. to expect that something will happen and be ready for it:
   - Sales are better than anticipated.
  - anticipate changes/developments
    - The schedule isn’t final, but we don’t anticipate many changes.
  - anticipate problems/difficulties
    - We don’t anticipate any problems.
    - A good speaker is able to anticipate an audience’s needs and concerns.
  - anticipate (that)
    - This year, we anticipate that our expenses will be 15% greater.
    - It is anticipated that the research will have many different practical applications.
  - anticipate doing something
    - I didn’t anticipate having to do the cooking myself!

1. to think about something that is going to happen, especially something
   pleasant SYN look forward to:
   - Daniel was eagerly anticipating her arrival.

2. to do something before someone else:
   - Copernicus anticipated in part the discoveries of the 17th and 18th
  centuries.

-- anticipatory /ænˌtɪsəˈpeɪtəri, ænˌtɪsɪˈpeɪtəri $ ænˈtɪsəpətɔːri/ adjective
formal:
   - the anticipatory atmosphere of a big college football game